docs(comparison): add info about metric differences (#172)
SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector: docs/Comparison.md

     -> net.host.ip: STRING(127.0.0.1)
     -> net.host.port: STRING(54526)
```

## Host Metrics

Due to different codebase, there are differences in host metrics
between the Installed Collector and the OpenTelemetry Collector.

Different names are mitigated by the
[translate_telegraf_attributes](../pkg/exporter/sumologicexporter/README.md#configuration)
sumologic exporter config option.

> There can be some differences between metric values as they can be computed slightly other ways
> between the Installed Collector and the OpenTelemetry Collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There can be some differences between metric values calculated by Installed Collector and by OpenTelemetry
Collector as they can be using slightly different formulas to calculate them.
```

> Some of the metrics gathered by the Installed Collector don't have equivalent in the OpenTelemetry Collector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the metrics gathered by the Installed Collector don't have equivalents in the OpenTelemetry Collector
```
